+++
# Hero widget.
widget = "hero"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 10  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "" # Hero image (optional). Enter filename of an image in the `static/img/` folder.
hero_media = "pims-avatar.png"

[design.background]
  # Apply a background color, gradient, or image.
  #   Uncomment (by removing `#`) an option to apply it.
  #   Choose a light or dark text color by setting `text_color_light`.
  #   Any HTML color name or Hex value is valid.

  # Background color.
  color = "white"
  
  # Background gradient.
  #gradient_start = "#
  #gradient_end = "#4F4F50"
  
  # Background image.
  # image = ""  # Name of image in `static/img/`.
  # image_darken = 0.6  # Darken the image? Range 0-1 where 0 is transparent and 1 is opaque.
  # image_size = "cover"  #  Options are `cover` (default), `contain`, or `actual` size.
  # image_position = "center"  # Options include `left`, `center` (default), or `right`.
  # image_parallax = true  # Use a fun parallax-like fixed background effect? true/false
  
  # Text color (true=light or false=dark).
  text_color_light = false

+++
The Pacific Institute for the Mathematical Sciences is pleased to announce the
following network-wide graduate courses in mathematical sciences. These courses
are available online and provide access to experts from throughout the PIMS
network.

Students at Canadian PIMS member universities may apply for graduate credit via
the <a href="#wda">Western Deans' Agreement (WDA)</i></a>. Please be advised, in
some cases students must enroll 6 weeks in advance of the term start date and
will typically be required to pay ancillary fees to the host institution (as
much as $400) or explicitly request exemptions.  Please see the <a
href="#wda">WDA section</a> for details of fees at specific sites, and check the
individual courses below for registration details. Courses hosted at UW must
nominate a co-instructor at a Canadian PIMS site. That site will be used to
process WDA student applications.

Students at universities not covered by the WDA but which are part of the <a
target="_blank" href="https://cags.ca">Canadian Association for Graduate Studies
(CAGS) <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt"></i></a> may still be eligible to
register for this course under the Canadian University Graduate Transfer
Agreement (CUGTA).  Details of this program vary by university and are also
typically subject to ancillary fees. Please contact your local Graduate Student
Advisor for more information.
